alibayram/smollm3:latest                  6463ebe1ce6a    1.9 GB    15 hours ago     
dengcao/Qwen3-Embedding-0.6B:Q8_0         d7ce64be5085    639 MB    5 weeks ago      
deepseek-r1:latest                        6995872bfe4c    5.2 GB    5 weeks ago      
deepseek-r1:70b                           d37b54d01a76    42 GB     5 weeks ago      
llama4:latest                             4f01ed6b6e01    67 GB     8 weeks ago      
qwen3:30b-a3b                             2ee832bc15b5    18 GB     2 months ago     
qwen3:0.6b                                3bae9c93586b    522 MB    2 months ago     
qwen3:latest                              e4b5fd7f8af0    5.2 GB    2 months ago     
llama3.3:70b-instruct-q4_K_M              a6eb4748fd29    42 GB     2 months ago     
mistral-nemo:latest                       994f3b8b7801    7.1 GB    3 months ago     
jina/jina-embeddings-v2-base-de:latest    f9b10d7e24af    322 MB    3 months ago     
mistrallite:latest                        5393d4f5f262    4.1 GB    3 months ago     
mistral:instruct                          f974a74358d6    4.1 GB    3 months ago     
gemma3:4b                                 a2af6cc3eb7f    3.3 GB    3 months ago     
phi4-mini:latest                          78fad5d182a7    2.5 GB    3 months ago     
mistral-small:latest                      8039dd90c113    14 GB     3 months ago     
deepseek-r1:1.5b                          a42b25d8c10a    1.1 GB    3 months ago     
qwen2.5:14b-instruct                      7cdf5a0187d5    9.0 GB    4 months ago     
gemma3:1b                                 2d27a774bc62    815 MB    4 months ago     
phi4:latest                               ac896e5b8b34    9.1 GB    4 months ago     
gemma3:27b                                30ddded7fba6    17 GB     4 months ago     
gemma3:latest                             c0494fe00251    3.3 GB    4 months ago     
llama3.3:latest                           a6eb4748fd29    42 GB     4 months ago     
qwq:latest                                cc1091b0e276    19 GB     4 months ago     
deepseek-r1:14b                           ea35dfe18182    9.0 GB    5 months ago     
llama3.2:latest                           a80c4f17acd5    2.0 GB    7 months ago     
nemotron:latest                           2262f047a28a    42 GB     9 months ago     
llama3.1:8b-instruct-q8_0                 3c77597ffa1d    8.5 GB    10 months ago    
EvilAtomicLobbyist:latest                 0291b4f4c0aa    4.7 GB    11 months ago    
SuperMarioExample:latest                  8678a70cab01    4.7 GB    11 months ago    
stable-code:latest                        37681d29a55a    1.6 GB    11 months ago    
codegemma:latest                          0c96700aaada    5.0 GB    11 months ago    
llama3.1:latest                           a340353013fd    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
llama3.1:70b                              74a390d90490    39 GB     12 months ago    
llama3.1:8b-instruct-q4_0                 a340353013fd    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
llama3-groq-tool-use:latest               55065f5d86c6    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
llava:13b                                 0d0eb4d7f485    8.0 GB    12 months ago    
mistral:latest                            2ae6f6dd7a3d    4.1 GB    12 months ago    
llava:latest                              8dd30f6b0cb1    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
phi3:14b                                  1e67dff39209    7.9 GB    12 months ago    
phi3:latest                               d184c916657e    2.2 GB    12 months ago    
llama3:70b-instruct-q8_0                  13ef6d4ac2af    74 GB     12 months ago    
llama3:8b-instruct-q8_0                   1b8e49cece7f    8.5 GB    12 months ago    
all-minilm:latest                         1b226e2802db    45 MB     12 months ago    
mxbai-embed-large:latest                  468836162de7    669 MB    12 months ago    
snowflake-arctic-embed:latest             21ab8b9b0545    669 MB    12 months ago    
quentinz/bge-large-zh-v1.5:latest         bc8ca0995fcd    651 MB    12 months ago    
jina/jina-embeddings-v2-base-en:latest    377193292084    274 MB    12 months ago    
llama3:instruct                           365c0bd3c000    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
llama3:70b-instruct                       786f3184aec0    39 GB     12 months ago    
mistral:7b-instruct                       2ae6f6dd7a3d    4.1 GB    12 months ago    
llama3:70b                                786f3184aec0    39 GB     12 months ago    
nomic-embed-text:latest                   0a109f422b47    274 MB    12 months ago    
llama3:latest                             365c0bd3c000    4.7 GB    12 months ago    
llama2:latest                             78e26419b446    3.8 GB    12 months ago    